Hello, Miss Shun, right?
I am Fu Yunxi's mother
See you tonight
Good address, I'll send your phone later.
Be there or be square
Miss Sheng, I came to see you today
I have something to ask you.
No need to lay the groundwork
Go straight to the topic
Miss Sheng has a clear goal.
So I'm going to cut to the chase.
10 million in this card
Leave my son
I also hope you will accept it when you see it.
Don't try for something that doesn't belong to you
Auntie, we are true love
Gotta pay, what do you call me?
You came to humiliate me with a card
Don't you think I should still respect you?
Is this plus money?
It was a joke.
Auntie, are you out of touch?
Okay, what do you mean? I get it too.
I won't say more if we don't speculate
It's worth it, please bye.
That's right.
The money is yours.
Your son is yours too
you
I'm not angry
Are you that angry?
You go, you get out of here right now
I was about to leave
What a temper